
  Windly vpn respects and protects all users’ private privacy; we will never and shall not have the right to disclosure your information to the third parties for any purposes without users’ permission.

1. Definitions
  These definitions should help you better to understand this privacy policy.

  When we say “Service”, it refers to the Windly vpn’s service which can be accessed via our application; the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Windly vpn; “You” refers to you, as a user of Service; “Personal Information” means information that can be used to identify you.

2. What information does Windly vpn collect?
  Except for necessary data for routine purpose that we collect and store to operate the service, Windly vpn does not record any sensitive personal information or sensitive data, like contacts, address, cellphone number etc.

  You may provide your Personal Information to us, such as your username and email addresses. It is just when you give us feedback or contact us via e-mail; we will collect your name and email address, as well as any other content included in the feedback, in order to send you a reply. This is just for offering users best customer service and we will not disclosure or otherwise transfer your information to the third parties for any purposes without your permission.

  Windly vpn keeps no logs which enable interference with your IP address, the moment or content of your data traffic. We make express reference to the fact that we do not record in logs communication contents or data regarding the accessed websites or the IP addresses.

  What’s more, all user data are encrypted. We offer private and secure data transmission when using Windly vpn. Therefore, the user’s personal data is not monitored, recorded, logged or stored.

 3. How does Windly vpn use the information we collect?
  In order to improve the quality of the service, we collect and store only the data needed to operate the service. We collect information from you when you use our product, open the “Support” service or provide us with feedback on our products.

 4. Purpose for collect Your Data
  Some necessary information is needed in order to offer good customer service, better use our product and improve user's product experience.

 5. How We Use and Share Information?
  The Personal Information you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to help us serve you better. We use your Personal Information in the following ways:

  • For improvement of Windly vpn Services Management;
  • For improvement of Windly vpn Services experience;
  • For better customer service;
  • For feedback purposes;
  • For product development and content improvement;

  In general, the Personal Information you provide to us is used to help us communicate with you.  For example, we use Personal Information to contact users in response to questions, solicit feedback from users, provide technical support etc.

  Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise share for marketing purposes your Personal Information with third parties without your consent.

 6. The way to protect your information
  Users will not be worried about personal information security. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.

  We implement a variety of security measures when a user submits or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.

 7. With whom do we share or disclose your information?
  Windly vpn respects and protects all users’ private privacy; we will never and shall not have the right to sell, trade, disclosure or otherwise transfer your information to the third parties for any purposes without users’ permission.

  Only for a limited number of reasons, we might disclose your data to third parties. We share your information with our service providers who help us to provide our services to you. We contractually bind these service providers to keep your information confidential and to use it only for the purpose of providing their services.

 8. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
 Windly vpn reserves the right to change this policy at any time. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time. All updates and amendments will take effect immediately after updates. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy often to stay informed of changes that may affect you, as your continued use of the application signifies your continuing consent to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
9. Contact Us 
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by sending an email to service.aresmob@gmail.com.     



